Name: mon_trans_jmp-phn
Name: mon_trans_scrb-phn
Made for: Android or iOS phone
Map by: Len Ovens

NOTE: There are two maps in this directory that look the same and on the phone
	end. However, they work differently. The jmp version was created for Ardour version
	5.0 to 5.8 and will still work beyond that as well. The scrb version is for Ardour
	5.9 and up.

Description:
This map provides a monitor and transport section for a phone.
The session name and play head time are shown at the top.
Under that the display is divided left and right. On the
left side are monitor controls and a jog control. On the right
are transport controls.

The monitor controls only work with sessions that have the
monitor section enabled. They include Mute, Dim, Mono and level.

Below that is the jog wheel. On the jmp version, spinning the
jog wheel clock wise moves the playhead forward with increments
of 1 second (jumps). The problems with this are:
	moving the jog wheel takes Ardour out of play mode.
	Audio can not be heard while jogging.
	The playhead will not go all the way to zero only the closest
		fraction of a second.
That is why there is a scrb version. This will work with the new
OSC command /jog_wheel f offset. This will actually change the
play speed to move the playhead forward or back.

Please see the image in this same folder.

Instructions:

turn on OSC in Ardour in perferences->ControlSurfaces
open the settings GUI
Set Port Mode to Manual, port of 8000 is fine (hit enter after setting)
Set Bank Size to 0 (hit enter after setting)
Set Gain Mode to Position
In the Default Strip Types tab deselect all check boxes
Back in the OSC Setup tab select the Clear OSC Devices button
	(This is generally not needed, but if you have tried to send OSC messages from
	your phone before, this will clear anything remembered from that)

Install TouchOSC on your phone if it is not already installed.
run/open touchOSC:
set the ip address to the IP of the computer running Ardour
set the send port to 3819
set the receive port to 8000
download the accompanying file to your tablet and find it with touchOSC and load it.
it should display vertically.
In the top right corner touch the connect button.

The session name and playhead position should appear in the first line
indicating a successful connection.
