Name: 1ch-phn
Made for: Android or iOS phone
Map by: Len Ovens

NOTE: There are two maps in this directory that look the same and on the phone end work the same.
	However, 1ch-phn uses a 1 strip bank and uses bankup/down to move from one to the other, while
	1ch-sel-phn keeps track of the currently selected channel and uses the select next/previous track
	to move around. The first does not mess with tracks as selected in the GUI and the second would
	allow the user to quickly go to a track using the GUI select. The downside to the select version
	is that VCAs can not be selected so choose 1ch-phn if you wish to be able to control VCAs.

Description:
This map provides One channel of Ardour at a time similar to "FaderPort". This channel
can be moved from channel to channel and includes tracks, busses, VCAs and Master. The
Session name and smpte time are displayed at the top. Under the session name is the
current track with:
	Track name (also displays dB value for trim or level)
	Trim
	Level
	Record Enable
	Record Safe (blocks this track from recording)
	Input Monitor
	Disk Monitor
	Signal indicator
	Solo
	Mute
	Pan
	Privious track
	Next track
Under the play head time display there are transport buttons for:
	Connect (tells ardour to refresh this controller)
	Record (master record enable)
	Forget (stop transport and forget last take)
	Zero (move transport to Zero and stop)
	Stop
	Play
	FFWD (Fast Forward 1.5 first touch add 1.5 each touch till 8 times)
	Rewind (same as FFWD but in reverse)

Please see the image in this same folder.

Instructions:

turn on OSC in Ardour in perferences->ControlSurfaces
open the settings GUI
Set Port Mode to Manual, port of 8000 is fine (hit enter after setting)
Set Bank Size to 1 (hit enter after setting)
Set Gain Mode to Position
In the Default Strip Types tab:
	check all lines from the top to Master (there is no dedicated master strip)
	The Strip Types Value will = 191 if this is correct.
	(the user is free to ommit any of the tracks types from the list above)
Back in the OSC Setup tab select the Clear OSC Devices button
	(This is generally not needed, but if you have tried to send OSC messages from
	your phone before, this will clear anything remembered from that)

Install TouchOSC on your phone if it is not already installed.
run/open touchOSC:
set the ip address to the IP of the computer running Ardour
set the send port to 3819
set the receive port to 8000
download the accompanying file to your tablet and find it with touchOSC and load it.
it should display vertically.
In the top right corner touch the connect button.

The session name and playhead position should appear in the first line.
The first track name should appear below that.

Note: that controls that the track doesn't have will not work... busses and Master do not record

