Name: personal-phn
Made for: Android or iOS phone
Map by: Len Ovens


Description:

This map provides personal monitoing control for a performer using a phone.
The performer can mix up to 8 souces for their own personal monitoring. It is
expected that the engineer will set up Aux buses one for each monitor line
probably named after the performer using that aux. Then add aux sends
(prefader) in the sources of interest to the performer.

Please see:
http://manual.ardour.org/using-control-surfaces/controlling-ardour-with-osc/osc-personal-monitoring/

This map is quite simple, There is a text box at the top that has the name
of the aux bus in use. The master level and mute switch are on the right side
and control the performer's listening level or mutes it. On the left are 8 pots
to control the tracks assigned to this performer's aux. At the bottom left are
two buttons, Previous and Next that allow the performer to cycle through the
available aux buses.

An engineer should feel free to edit this map to make individual maps for each
monitor line with only one button that force selects that performer's aux.

Please see the image in this same folder.

Instructions:

turn on OSC in Ardour in perferences->ControlSurfaces
open the settings GUI
Set Port Mode to Manual, port of 8000 is fine (hit enter after setting)
Leave Bank Size at 0 (hit enter after setting)
	Though any setting should be fine if another surface requires it
Set Gain Mode to Position
	Though again, it shouldn't matter if another surface needs something else
	this map will work fine.
In the Default Strip Types tab:
	Use whatever is there.

Install TouchOSC on your phone if it is not already installed.
run/open touchOSC:
set the ip address to the IP of the computer running Ardour
set the send port to 3819
set the receive port to 8000
download the accompanying file to your tablet and find it with touchOSC and load it.
it should display vertically.

Either previous or next will connect the phone to ardour (so long as it is running)
and will update the display with the first aux bus name at the top, the names of
any tracks (up to 8) with sends to this bus and their current level as well as the
output level and the mute status.
